THREAT IDENTIFICATION:  ICEDID (BOKBOT)

SUBJECTS OBSERVED
Contact Submission

SENDERS OBSERVED
(Likely spoofed email from the form submission)
AnthonyChao@freshbooks.com

EMAIL BODY
name: Anthony
email: AnthonyChao@freshbooks.com
message: Hello, Your website or a website that your organization hosts
is violating the copyright protected images owned by our company
(freshbooks Inc.). Check out this document with the links to our
images you utilized at <emil domain - redacted> and our earlier publications to
get the proof of our copyrights. Download it right now and check this
out for yourself:
https://storage.googleapis.com/y8e4b6nv020vwz.appspot.com/d/files/sh/pub/s/0/fileWaJ79XY0wJhO.html?f=822667616455735753
I do think that you deliberately infringed our legal rights under 17
USC Section 101 et seq. and could possibly be liable for statutory
damage as high as $110,000 as set-forth in Sec. 504(c)(2) of the
Digital millennium copyright act (”DMCA”) therein. This message is
official notice. I seek the elimination of the infringing materials
mentioned above. Please be aware as a company, the Dmca demands you to
remove or terminate access to the infringing materials upon receipt of
this notification letter. If you do not stop the use of the
aforementioned infringing materials a legal action can be commenced
against you. I do have a good belief that utilization of the
copyrighted materials described above as presumably violating is not
approved by the legal copyright proprietor, its legal agent, or the
legislation. I declare, under penalty of perjury, that the information
in this notification is correct and hereby affirm that I am authorized
to act on behalf of the proprietor of an exclusive and legal right
that is allegedly violated. Best regards, Anthony Chao Legal Officer
freshbooks, Inc. freshbooks.com 03/11/2022

MALDOC DOWNLOAD URLS
https://storage.googleapis.com/y8e4b6nv020vwz.appspot.com/d/files/sh/pub/s/0/fileWaJ79XY0wJhO.html?f=822667616455735753

ISO FILE HASHES
StolenImages_Evidence.iso
b4118a483b9d9d862ecb3a6f69135df6

PAYLOAD FILE HASHES
Stolen_Images_Evidence.lnk
a7ec43a3bd10d95a788f79c20ab8796f

main.dll
9b1e8680c627340a654570cb00bb26fc

LNK FILE SHORTCUT TARGET
%windir%\system32\cmd.exe /c start regsvr32.exe main.dll

LIKELY ICEDID C2
http://emicthatmov.top/



